Cloud:
	The term Cloud refers to a Network or Internet. In other words, we can say that Cloud is something, which is present at remote location.
	Cloud can provide services over public and private networks.
	Applications such as e-mail, web conferencing, customer relationship management (CRM) execute on cloud.

As Cloud is based on providing services, ther are three type of cloud service models:
	
	IaaS:
	- Infrastructure-as-a-Service provides access to fundamental resources such as physical machines, virtual machines, virtual storage, etc.
	
	PaaS:
	- Platform-as-a-Service provides the runtime environment for applications, development and deployment tools, etc.
	
	SaaS:
	- Software-as-a-Service model allows to use software applications as a service to end-users.
	
Pros:
	One can access applications as utilities, from anywhere over the Internet.
	It does not require to install a software to access or manipulate cloud application.
	Cloud Computing is highly cost effective because it operates at high efficiency with optimum utilization.
	Cloud Computing offers load balancing that makes it more reliable.
	
Cons:
	Security and Privacy
	It depends on over internet connection. If we lost network we cant work on our services.
	
AWS:
	Amazon Web Service is a cloud computing platform, that includes a mixture of infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS) and packaged software as a service (SaaS).
	AWS is separated into different services; each can be configured in different ways based on the user's needs.
	Users should be able to see configuration options and individual server maps for an AWS service.

Amazon Web services are widely used for various computing purposes like:
	Web site hosting
	Application hosting/SaaS hosting
	Media Sharing (Image/ Video)
	Mobile and Social Applications
	Content delivery and Media Distribution
	Storage, backup, and disaster recovery
	Development and test environments
	Academic Computing
	Search Engines
	Social Networking
	
Advantages of AWS:
	AWS allows organizations to use the already familiar programming models, operating systems, databases, and architectures.
	It is a cost-effective service that allows you to pay only for what you use, without any up-front or long-term commitments.
	You will not require to spend money on running and maintaining data centers.
	Offers fast deployments
	You can easily add or remove capacity.
	You are allowed cloud access quickly with limitless capacity.
	Total Cost of Ownership is very low compared to any private/dedicated servers.
	Offers Centralized Billing and management
	Offers Hybrid Capabilities
	Allows you to deploy your application in multiple regions around the world with just a few clicks
	
Disadvantages of AWS:
	If you need more immediate or intensive assistance, you'll have to opt for paid support packages.
	Amazon Web Services may have some common cloud computing issues when you move to a cloud. For example, downtime, limited control, and backup protection.
	AWS sets default limits on resources which differ from region to region. These resources consist of images, volumes, and snapshots.
	Hardware-level changes happen to your application which may not offer the best performance and usage of your applications.

Amazon EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)
	This provides a secure and resizable computing capacity based on your needs. The service is designed to make web-scale cloud computing more accessible.

Features of EC2:
	Virtual computing environments, known as instances.
	Various configurations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking capacity for your instances, known as instance types.
	Secure login information for your instances using key pairs (AWS stores the public key, and you store the private key in a secure place)
	Storage volumes for temporary data that's deleted when you stop or terminate your instance, known as instance store volumes
	Persistent storage volumes for your data using Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS), known as Amazon EBS volumes
	Multiple physical locations for your resources, such as instances and Amazon EBS volumes, known as Regions and Availability Zones
	Static IPv4 addresses for dynamic cloud computing, known as Elastic IP addresses
	Metadata, known as tags, that you can create and assign to your Amazon EC2 resources
	Virtual networks you can create that are logically isolated from the rest of the AWS cloud, and that you can optionally connect to your own network, known as virtual private clouds (VPCs)

Pros of Ec2:
	EC2 has wide variety of machine configurations. If the intended solutions are memory heavy, CPU heavy, GPU heavy or IO heavy, EC2 will provide proper machine configurations as per the requirements.
	EC2 has lot of Machine Images to setup OS and required softwares. It also allows you to create the image of your own disk. This facilitates user to stop the EC2 instance without loosing the work. It helps to reduce the bill. The image can be attached again to EC2 to start from the same place from where it was left.
	Amazon allows different way to obtain instances like on-demand, spot and reserved. Depending upon the need, one can take wise decision to save cost and address the situation in the best possible way.

Cons of Ec2:
	This service is a bit difficult to consume. New users need a big learning curve to use this service effectively.
	UI for EC2 service is a little complex and at many places, it misses detailed explanation.
	Sometimes it takes too long to create images of EC2 instances. This keeps your EC2 up for that extra time. When instances are heavy, it penalizes a lot of money.
