Integration:
	Integration is a process of merging two or more software systems either mono-directional or bi-directional so that data/functionality flows between that systems smoothly.

Why Integration:
	The main reason for organizations to use system integration is their need to improve productivity and quality of their operations.
	The goal is to get the organizations various IT systems to talk to each other through the integration, to speed up information flows and reduce operational costs for the organization.
	
Concerns:
	Different perspectives from different business units. Each team has its own set of responsibilities and may use different applications or systems to fulfil them.
	A systems integration model must seek to establish a management model and access to data that is useful for all, in order to satisfy all needs.
	The team responsible for integrating the systems not only needs to respond to the demands of the business itself but must go further and design an integration with a standardized view of the data within the company.
	Many companies have monolithic architecture systems, which work with inherited and interlaced systems, which cannot be replaced so easily.
	Choosing the right tool, getting this decision right makes huge differences in terms of speed of integration, functionality and cost.
	The chosen tool should allow for seamless integration between on-premise and cloud-based applications.
	Scalability and maintenance, system integration must not only look to the present, but also to the future.
	It is not enough to respond to current functional requirements, but it must be prepared to respond to future performance, maintenance, reuse and scalability requirements.
	
API:
	API is the acronym for Application Program Interface, which is a software intermediary that allows two disparate applications to communicate each other.
	In simple words to say, API does the work same as the translator.
	
Web-Servcie API:
	A web service is a system or software that uses an address, i.e., URL on the World Wide Web, to provide access to its services.

SOAP(Simple Object Access Protocol) API:
	This is a protocol that uses XML as a format to transfer data.
	Its main function is to define the structure of the messages and methods of communication.
	It also uses WSDL (Web Services Definition Language), in a machine-readable document to publish a definition of its interface.
	
REST(Representational State Transfer) API:
	REST is a software architectural style that defines a set of constraints to be used for creating Web services.
	Web services that conform to the REST architectural style, called RESTful Web services, provide interoperability between computer systems on the internet.
	One of the key factor for need of REST APIs is that they provide a great deal of flexibility.
	Data is not tied to resources or methods, so REST can handle multiple types of calls, return different data formats and even change structurally with the correct implementation of hypermedia.
	This flexibility allows developers to build an API that meets your needs while also meeting the needs of very diverse customers.
	
	REST api uses five types of methods to do CRUD operations:
		POST - Create records
		GET - Read records
		PUT - Update/Replace entire records
		PATCH - Update partial records
		DELETE - Delete records
	
	There are 6 key constraints to think about when considering whether a RESTful API is the right type of API for your needs:		
		Client-Server:
			This constraint operates on the concept that the client and the server should be separate from each other and allowed to evolve individually.
		
		Stateless:
			Calls can be made independently of one another, and each call contains all of the data necessary to complete itself successfully.
		
		Cache:
			 Because a stateless API can increase request overhead by handling large loads of incoming and outbound calls, a REST API should be designed to encourage the storage of cacheable data.
		
		Uniform Interface:
			The key to the decoupling client from server is having a uniform interface that allows independent evolution of the application without having the application’s services, or models and actions, tightly coupled to the API layer itself.
		
		Layered System:
			REST APIs have different layers of their architecture working together to build a hierarchy that helps create a more scalable and modular application.
		
		Code on Demand:
			Code on Demand allows for code or applets to be transmitted via the API for use within the application.
			
Messaging:
	Messaging is a method of communication between software components or applications.
	A messaging system is a peer-to-peer facility. A messaging client can send messages to, and receive messages from, any other client.
	Each client connects to a messaging agent that provides facilities for creating, sending, receiving, and reading messages.
	
JMS(Java Messaging Servcie):
	The Java Message Service (JMS) API is a messaging standard that allows application components based on the Java Platform Enterprise Edition (Java EE) to create, send, receive, and read messages.
	It enables distributed communication that is loosely coupled, reliable, and asynchronous.
	
Requirement of JMS:
	Generally, user sends message to application. But, if we want to send message from one application to another, we need to use JMS API.
	Consider a scenario, one application A is running in INDIA and another application B is running in USA.
	To send message from A application to B, we need to use JMS.
	
Advantage of JMS
	Asynchronous: To receive the message, client is not required to send request. Message will arrive automatically to the client.
	Reliable: It provides assurance that message is delivered.
	
Messaging Domains
	Point-to-Point Messaging Domain:
		In PTP model, one message is delivered to one receiver only. Here, Queue is used as a message oriented middleware (MOM).
		The Queue is responsible to hold the message until receiver is ready.
		In PTP model, there is no timing dependency between sender and receiver.
		
	Publisher/Subscriber Messaging Domain:
		In Pub/Sub model, one message is delivered to all the subscribers., it is like broadcasting.
		Here, Topic is used as a message oriented middleware that is responsible to hold and deliver messages.
		In PTP model, there is timing dependency between publisher and subscriber.

Coupling:
	Coupling refers to the usage of an object by another object. It can also be termed as collaboration.
	This dependency of one object on another object to get some task done can be classified into the following two types :
		Tight coupling:
			When an object creates the object to be used, then it is a tight coupling situation.
			As the main object creates the object itself, this object can not be changed from outside world easily marked it as tightly coupled objects.

		Loose coupling:
			When an object gets the object to be used from the outside, then it is a loose coupling situation.
			As the main object is merely using the object, this object can be changed from the outside world easily marked it as loosely coupled objects.
	
Fan Out:
	Fan-Out refers to spreading a task to multiple destinations in parallel.
	Using the Pipelines API, fan-out can be achieved elegantly by yielding a new pipeline for every task you wish to execute.
	
Fan In:
	Fan-In implies waiting for a collection of related tasks to complete before continuing processing.
