RDMS: Relational Database Management System
	- A relational database refers to a database that stores data in a structured format, using rows and columns.
	- This makes it easy to locate and access specific values within the database.
	- It is relational because the values within each table are related to each other.
	- Tables may also be related to other tables.
	- The relational structure makes it possible to run queries across multiple tables at once.
		Ex:- Oracle Database, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, etc.

Database Server:
	- A database server is a server which uses a database application that provides database services to other computer programs or to computers.
	- Database management systems (DBMSs) frequently provide database-server functionality.
	- Some database management systems (such as MySQL) rely exclusively on the client–server model for database access.
	
CRUD Operations in Database:
	Create - Used to insert row to table
	Read - Used to retrieve data from table
	Update - Used to edit rows in a table.
	Delete - Used to delete rows in a table.
	
Table Relations:
	- One to One Relation
		This relationship occur when there is exactly one record in the first table that corresponds to exactly one record in the related table.
		For example, each student can have only one address.
	
	- One to Many Relation
		In this relationship one record in a table can be associated with one or more records in another table.
		For example, each customer can have many sales orders.
		
	Note: We can handle one-one and one-many relationship using foreign key as a common field between the two tables to relate.
		
	- Many to Many Relation
		Multiple records in one table are related to multiple records in another table.
		For example, one candidate can participate in many events and for one event many candidates can participate.
		
	Note: So in this case we can't use a foreign key for making relation. Hence we create a new table using the Join function
	
		- Inner Join
			Selects records that have mathcing values in both tables.
			
		- Left Join
			Returns all records from the left table, and the matched records from the right table.
			The result is NULL from the right side, if there is no match.
		
		- Right Join
			Returns all records from the right table, and the matched records from the left table.
			The result is NULL from the left side, when there is no match.
			
		- Full Join
			Returns all records when there is a match in left or right table records.
			
Some examples of SQL query statements:

	CREATE DATABASE databaseName;
		This Query is used to create the database with the given name.
	
	CREATE TABLE tableName (column1 datatype, column2 datatype,...);
		This Query is used to create the table in database with the prescribed columns.
	
	SELECT * FROM tableName;
		This Query is used to fetch all the records from the table.
	
	SELECT column1, column2,... FROM tableName;
		This Query is used to fetch records with column1 and column2 values from the table.
		
	SELECT DISTINCT column1, column2,... FROM tableName;
		This Query is used to fetch distinct records from column1 and column2 of the table.
		
	SELECT * FROM tableName WHERE condition;
		This Query is used to fetch all the records from the table based on the condition.
		
	INSERT INTO tableName (column1, column2,...) VALUES (value1, value2,...);
		This Query is used to insert data into the table with the given values for the respective columns.
	
	UPDATE tableName SET column1 = value1, column2 = value2,... WHERE condition;
		This Query is used to update the records with the given values w.r.t the columns based on the condition.
	
	DELETE FROM tableName WHERE condition;
		This Query is used to delete the records in a atable based on condition.
