Test driven development - we first write the test cases before development of the code. This will help us to know 
the edge cases of the logical component. 
Coverage- 
Code coverage refers to how much lines of code have been tested. It signifies the part of code where 
test cases have been created. 
Testing Rich Client/Thin Client / Rest APIs-
Testing Rich Client involves the testing of business logic. Two main parts are done- 
1. Test Driven Development (TDD) - first make the test cases to reduce the development time
2. Behaviour Driven Development (BDD)  - -In this all developers, non-technical and people associated with project come together and discuss code requirements.

Thin Client - It involves:
1. UI Testing
2. Interactive Testing

REST API - for testing REST APIs, we make use of HTTP methods like GET,POST,PUT,DELETE. We test the 
working using the POSTMAN. The postman sends the request to the endpoint and displays the results. 
	GET - to retrieve the data (and send the data as arguments in url)
	POST - to send/insert the data (you send the data to server in the body and not in url)
	PUT - to update the data row
	DELETE - to delete the data row

JUnit - 
This is the java testing implementation where you can test your code. It will give you the success/failure
count for every single test case you specify for your code. It is used to test the rich client. We saw the example
of Employee Manager and created test cases for that. 
Failure in test cases means that code is not executed in the java file. 
Error in JUnit console signifies the syntax error or logical error in your code. 


SOA - Service Oriented Architecture. 
The services are provided to the client for serving business logic and need. The companies make use 
of the services directly from the provider. They are usually tied as loosely couples where client 
can easily change the providers.  
Ex - Payment Gateway
Web Services - 
1. SOAP - 
-Any Protocol
-The XML messages are send through FTP(in most cases)
-No specific operations
- Loose coupling 
2. REST - 
-HTTP Protocol
-JSON Based only
-Operations: get/put/delete/post 

*REST API is usually prefered over SOAP in current system because of the functionalities it provides. 
SOAP is only considered where validation of data is required. As far as security is concerned, REST uses
HTTPS protocol for easy and secure transfer of the packets. 
