Cloud and AWS services
-----------------------------------------------------------------

 what and why cloud ?

Cloud computing supports the access of any data from any location with the help of internet connection.
adv:Cost savings in terms of multiple machines and servers.
eg:
client------>load balancer-------> s1
              (IP)
				                  -------->s2
				                  -------->s3
                          
so instead of using multiple server abd machines we can simply use cloud services, which supports custom design of different resources.

why should one use cloud services:   

	1.do not have to depend on someone for any configurations we can proceed with self demand and can perform any operations.

	2.Broad network access: 
	we can access any services from anywhere with the help of network.
	
	3.provides scalability:
	we can scaleup and scaledown thr resources as per input provided.

      4.Measured services:
	The services which can be measured in some unit,and have some proof of 	usage,accordingly we can pay and can consume services.
	 
CLOUD SERVICES:

1. IAAS :-Infrastructure as a service is a cloud based service which offers different users access to computational resources such as servers, storage and n/w.
eg: Amazon EC2 

2.PAAS :In the Platform-as-a-Service provides os with its latest versions we just have to perform different operations.
eg: database fiddle

3. SAAS:-Software as a service is a  service which provides all funtionalites as iaas+paas.we just need to do some configurations and 
we can use this service from anywhere through login.
eg:Google drive

Load Balancer:
balances the load between multiple servers
Load balancers uses Round robin  algorith which is scheduling algorith used to distribute load across servers. 

 Auto scaling: Helps you to reintialize the instance if your instance get killed or crashed.
 
Whenever new requests comes from any site that are directly communicate with load balancer which then communicates with autoscaling and 
then accordingly load gets assigned.
All cloud services uses loadbalancer+autoscaling for easy execution of services.

