DevOps
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	DevOps---->Development + operations
  
	Developer---> deployment--->testing
  
	End to End developement: 
		Developer should provide service from development to its deployment of the software. 

Business Agility:
  Time to Market Acceleration
  Experimentation
  Rapid Prototyping
  Flexible Partnering

What really DevOps do?

All developers who are developing some systems on day to day basis they need some changes in terms of exposure of language or trying some another ideas while developing systems 
and on the other hand all operations which are associated with it needs stability....
so wall of confusion  gets created between both the senarios..
here DevOps comes with the solution, that while devloping new ideas it takes care of all operations associated with it..
so DevOps  take care of both development as well as operations.

Some tools of DevOps:
	1.Github
	2.Docker etc.

ISSUE TRACKING:
While developing some system one can come accross many issues which can be solved by iteration phase and by prioritizing for the same.
Eg: JIRA

SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT LIFECYCLE (SDLC)
	1.Planning
	2.Define Requirements
	3.Design and Prototyping
	4.Software development
	5. Testing
	6.Deployment
	7.Operations and Maintenance

Benefits:
	Greater scalability and availability
	Faster issue resolution and reduced complexity
	Faster product delivery

AGILE AND ITS METHODOLOGY:

The meaning of agile is the ability to move quickly and easily.
Agile works on project which needs faster execution and feedback mechanism.
Also agile provides you to change any requirement after its completion also.
Agile is a iterative process.
 
METHODOLOGY:
	Individuals and interactions over processes and tools
	Working software over comprehensive documentation
	Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
	Responding to change over following a plan

Agile process flow:
	1.Requirement analysis
	2.design
	3.development
	4.quality assuarance
	5.deployment

V model :

	                      	requirement Analysis---------------------------- Acceptance Testing

		                              system Design ---------------------------System Testing

		                                     Architecture -----------------Integration and 
			                                        Design		                 Testing

			                                               Module-------Unit Testing
			                                                Design  

		
V model says that while designing left side developer should think simultaneously think of right side...which tends to faster execution.

Waterfall model:
WATERFALL model is a sequential model that divides software development into pre-defined phases.
 Each phase must be completed before the next phase can begin with no overlap between the phases. 
Each phase is designed for performing specific activity during the SDLC phase.

USER ACCEPTANCE TESTING
User acceptance testing (UAT) is done at the end user to check  is particular product is working according to given requirements or not.
Also if we study User acceptance testing before developement phase then will get some idea in advance  about on what basis they are gonna test that particular product.

JIRA is a platform which helps to track and solve issue associated with any code,so also known as Issue tracker.

	 components of JIRA 
		 JIRA CORE 
		 JIRA SOFTWARE 
		 JIRA SERVICE DESK

We can perform different operations in JIRA like creating dashboard for any new project.
We can raise issue/bug and can assign to anyone for its solution.once it gets solved one can 
see all details on dashboard.


