Overview of web programming :-
Web programming refers to the writing, markup and coding involved in Web development, which includes Web content, Web client and server scripting and network security.
The most common languages used for Web programming are XML, HTML, JavaScript, Perl 5 and PHP.
Web programming is different from just programming, which requires knowledge on the application area, client and server scripting, and database technology.

Basics Definition of HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT :-
1.HTML provides the basic structure of sites, which is enhanced and modified by other technologies like CSS and JavaScript.
2.CSS is used to control presentation, formatting, and layout.
3.JavaScript is used to control the behavior of different elements

Description about HTML :-
HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language. 
Markup language means that, rather than using a
programming language to perform functions, HTML uses tags to identify different types of content and the purposes they each serve to the webpage.
Using HTML, you can add headings, format paragraphs, control line breaks, make lists, emphasize text, create special characters, insert images, create links, build tables, control some styling, and much more.

Description about CSS :-
 CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets.
 CSS describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen, paper, or in other media.
 CSS saves a lot of work. It can control the layout of multiple web pages all at once.
 External stylesheets are stored in CSS files.
 CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes.
 
 Description of Javascript :-
JavaScript is the world's most popular programming language.
JavaScript is easy to learn.
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. 
It is lightweight and most commonly used as a part of web pages, whose implementations allow client-side script to interact with the user and make dynamic pages.
It is an interpreted programming language with object-oriented capabilities.

Overview of Xml and Json :-

Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable.
      Points to consider:-
        1.It is a markup language and uses tag structure to represent data items.
        2.It supports namespaces.
        3.It doesnt supports array.
        4.Its documents are comparatively difficult to read and interpret.
        5.It has start and end tags.
        6.It is more secured than JSON.
        7.It supports various encoding.
        
        
   JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is a lightweight data-interchange format and it completely language independent. 
    It is based on the JavaScript programming language and easy to understand and generate. 
      Points to consider :-
      1. It is based on JavaScript language.
      2.It is a way of representing object.
      3.It does not provides any support for namespaces.
      4.It supports array.<br>
      5.Its files are very easy to read as compared to XML.
      6.It doesnt use end tag.
      7.It supports only UTF-8 encoding.
    
