RDMS (Relational Database Management):-
Relational database design (RDD) models’ information and data into a set of tables with rows and columns. 
Each row of a relation/table represents a record, and each column represents an attribute of data. 
The Structured Query Language (SQL) is used to manipulate relational databases. 
The design of a relational database is composed of  stages, where the data are modeled into a set of related tables.
The stages are:-
1.Define relations/attributes.
2.Define primary keys.
3.Define relationships.
4.Normalization.



There are 3 types of relation among the tables :-
a)one-one
ex:- adharcard no belonging to specified person.
b)one-many 
ex:- one teacher teaching many subject.
c)many-many
ex:- Student and courses where single student can take multiple course and particular course can  be taken by many student.


Commands to perform on Database :-

SQL Commands:

    SQL commands are instructions. It is used to communicate with the database. It is also used to perform specific tasks, functions, and queries of data.
    SQL can perform various tasks like create a table, add data to tables, drop the table, modify the table, set permission for users.
    
    There are 4 types of SQL commands: DDL, DML, DCL and DQL.
    
    1.DDL:-
    
    DDL changes the structure of the table like creating a table, deleting a table, altering a table, etc.
    All the command of DDL are auto-committed that means it permanently save all the changes in the database.

Here are some commands that come under DDL:

    1.CREATE
    2.ALTER
    3.DROP
    4.TRUNCATE
    
    2.DML:-
    
    DML commands are used to modify the database. It is responsible for all form of changes in the database.
    The command of DML is not auto-committed that means it can't permanently save all the changes in the database. They can be rollback.
    
   Here are some commands that come under DML:

    1.INSERT
    2.UPDATE
    3.DELETE
    
    3.DCL :-
    DCL commands are used to grant and take back authority from any database user.

    Here are some commands that come under DCL:

   1. Grant
   2. Revoke
   
   4. DQL :-
   DQL is used to fetch the data from the database.

  It uses only one command:

   1.SELECT.
   
   



   


